feat(api): add support for wiki attachments (#2722)
python-gitlab/python-gitlab: docs/gl_objects/wikis.rst

Delete a wiki page::

    page.delete()

File uploads
============

Reference
---------

* v4 API:

  + :attr:`gitlab.v4.objects.ProjectWiki.upload`
  + :attr:`gitlab.v4.objects.GrouptWiki.upload`

* Gitlab API for Projects: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/wikis.html#upload-an-attachment-to-the-wiki-repository
* Gitlab API for Groups: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/group_wikis.html#upload-an-attachment-to-the-wiki-repository

Examples
--------

> Upload a file into a project wiki using a filesystem path::
> 
>     page.upload("filename.txt", filepath="/some/path/filename.txt")
> 
> Upload a file into a project wiki without a filesystem path::
> 
>     page.upload("filename.txt", filedata="Raw data")
> 
> Upload a file into a project wiki using a filesystem path::
> 
>     page.upload("filename.txt", filepath="/some/path/filename.txt")
> 
> Upload a file into a project wiki without a filesystem path::
> 
>     page.upload("filename.txt", filedata="Raw data")

Reviewer: This is a bit duplicated now, but I guess you wanted to add docs for both group/project wikis. Maybe we can do something like this to make the distinction:

```suggestion
Upload a file into a project wiki using a filesystem path::

    page = project.wikis.get(page_slug)
    page.upload("filename.txt", filepath="/some/path/filename.txt")

Upload a file into a project wiki with raw data::

    page.upload("filename.txt", filedata="Raw data")

Upload a file into a group wiki using a filesystem path::

    page = group.wikis.get(page_slug)
    page.upload("filename.txt", filepath="/some/path/filename.txt")

Upload a file into a group wiki using raw data::

    page.upload("filename.txt", filedata="Raw data")
```
